Update doc for CA1010 to mention new configurability (#5018)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/code-quality/ca1010.md

A type implements the <xref:System.Collections.IEnumerable?displayProperty=fullName> interface but does not implement the <xref:System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable%601?displayProperty=fullName> interface, and the containing assembly targets .NET. This rule ignores types that implement <xref:System.Collections.IDictionary?displayProperty=fullName>.

> By default, this rule only looks at externally visible types, but this is [configurable](#configurability). You can also configure additional interfaces requiring there generic pendent to be implemented.

Reviewer: I think this needs grammatical fixes.

Author: @ktoliver Could you please suggest a better wording so that I can fix this part?

Reviewer 2: "By default, this rule looks only at externally visible types, but this is configurable. You also can configure additional interfaces, which requires the interface generic pendent to be implemented."

?

Reviewer: What is `generic pendent`? I am not sure I understand...

Author: Google translate isn't my friend... I meant something like the `generic match`: `IEnumerable` -> `IEnumerable<T>`.

Reviewer 3: Probably I'd say "generic equivalent".

> By default, this rule only looks at externally visible types, but this is [configurable](#configurability). You can also configure additional interfaces requiring there generic pendent to be implemented.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, this rule only looks at externally visible types, but this is [configurable](#configurability). You can also configure additional interfaces requiring their generic equivalent to be implemented.
```

Reviewer 3: After reading the new content, trying to clarify phrasing a bit.

Reviewer 3: Let me know if it seems accurate. Not sure that it covers this example: ISomething->System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable`\``1,
which doesn't seem like the generic equivalent.
Maybe this is better and simpler:
"You can also configure additional interfaces to require that a generic interface be implemented."

Reviewer: > "You can also configure additional interfaces to require that a generic interface be implemented."

LGTM

You can configure this option for just this rule, for all rules, or for all rules in this category (Design). For more information, see [Configure FxCop analyzers](configure-fxcop-analyzers.md).

### Additional required generic interfaces

> You can configure the List (separated by '|') of interface names with their required generic fully qualified interface (separated by '->').

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be:
```suggestion
You can configure the List of interface names (separated by '|') with their required generic fully qualified interface (separated by '->').
```

I'll let the doc experts confirm the correct sentence formation.

Reviewer 3: Yes, I'll commit that.
